docs: Add kms plugin upgrade guide (#3743)
openbao/openbao: website/content/docs/guides/upgrade/plugins.mdx

the reload is triggered, OpenBao will kill `my-db-plugin`’s process and start the
new plugin process for `my-db-plugin` version 1.0.1.

## Upgrading KMS plugins

1. Edit the [`plugin` stanza](../configuration/plugins.mdx) of your `kms` plugin
   and change the `version` and `sha256sum` fields to the new values.

1. Download the new plugin binary.

   - For plugins distributed as raw binaries: Place the new binary into the `plugin_directory`.
   - For plugins distributed as OCI artifacts with `plugin_auto_download = true`:

>      Do nothing, OpenBao will automatically download it at the config reload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For plugins distributed as OCI artifacts with `plugin_auto_download = true`:
     Do nothing, OpenBao will automatically download it at the config reload step.
```

?

>      Do nothing, OpenBao will automatically download it at the config reload.

Reviewer 2: I find it a little entertaining that there's a "do nothing" followed by step 2 "send SIGHUP". 

Maybe:

```suggestion
     OpenBao will automatically download it at the config reload during step 2. 
```

Reviewer 2: Oh, sorry, missed that @satoqz also suggested something here. I do think `Do nothing` is now redundant or slightly misleading, imho.
